# Avanade
website: https://www.avanade.com/

We do what matters: Avanade is the world’s leading expert on Microsoft. We help organizations of all sizes reach their full potential by unlocking the power of Microsoft. ​

25 years of Microsoft leadership: Celebrating our milestone anniversary with our clients and our people. Advancing the world through the power of people and technology. Championing innovation, sustainability, and responsible AI for 25 years.

Why choose Avanade?
- Unmatched Microsoft expertise: With the power of the world’s foremost technology at your fingertips, the only limit is what we can imagine together.​
- Relentless focus on results: We help you chase impacts, not trends. That’s why we don’t start with technology; we start by understanding your needs, whether big, small, transformational or tactical.​
- Responsibility in everything we do: Our purpose is to advance the world through the power of people and Microsoft. That means we are passionate about using technology to make a genuine human impact. 

Helping you thrive in the AI era
- Build the right foundation​: Modernize your cloud, data and technology infrastructure so you can hit the ground running with AI.
- Rethink work​: Transform how, when and where work gets done—going beyond productivity, freeing your teams to focus on what matters.​
- Innovate the customer experience​: Push beyond automation into innovation. Whether that means empowering sales and service teams, finding new routes to market or using AI to set new standards.​
- Create trust and security​: Empower your people to embrace the potential of AI without putting your organization or customers at risk.​

The Avanade story
We are passionate about solving problems with Microsoft technology, focusing on impact, not trends. We deliver on our promises with tried-and-true solutions tailored to you, offering straight-talking, pragmatic support you can trust, backed by global scale and local expertise.  Learn how we can help you do what matters most to you.

7,000+ Clients Across the globe and every industry
19x Winner Microsoft Global SI Partner
1st Winner Global Business Transformation Partner of the Year for Copilot
60,000 Microsoft Certifications, More than any other Microsoft partner

Our partnerships
We were created in 2000 as a joint venture between Accenture and Microsoft. We team up with leading technology providers across the ever-growing Microsoft ecosystem to help our clients solve challenges of all sizes.​

Our responsible business commitments
Whether promoting environmental sustainability or embracing forward-thinking leadership, together with our ecosystem partners, we strive to create a positive impact on the world.​

Why work for Avanade?
We’re proud to be recognized as a workplace that puts people first, with distinctive experiences and opportunities for limitless learning.

Insights that matter
We focus on insights that lead to impact. Our no-nonsense expertise on all things Microsoft helps you run the day to day and stay ahead for what’s next.

Services
At Avanade, we have the Microsoft expertise, solutions and experience to help you navigate continual change—whether it’s to solve the most formidable business challenge or seize the next big opportunity. From harnessing AI to maximizing your investment in the cloud, we’ll assemble the right people and technologies to help you reimagine the future.
